[Email Routing] General improvements to docs (#5243)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/email-routing/setup/email-routing-dns-records.md

---
title: DNS records
pcx-content-type: reference
weight: 2
meta:
    title: Email Routing DNS records
---

# Email Routing DNS records

> Email Routing's Settings section allows you to lock or unlock your DNS records, and also view a list of the DNS records needed for Email Routing to work. If your account's DNS records are correctly configured, Email Routing will show you a green `Email DNS records configured` message. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Email Routing's Settings section allows you to lock or unlock your DNS records, and also view a list of the DNS records needed for Email Routing to work. If the DNS records in your account are correctly configured, Email Routing will show you a green `Email DNS records configured` message. 
```

> Click **View DNS records** for a list of the required MX and sender policy framework (SPF) records Email Routing is using. If you are having trouble with your account's DNS records, refer to the [Troubleshooting](/email-routing/troubleshooting/) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click **View DNS records** for a list of the required `MX` and sender policy framework (SPF) records Email Routing is using. If you are having trouble with your account's DNS records, refer to the [Troubleshooting](/email-routing/troubleshooting/) section.
```
